Name: Onbotech

Please see PowerPoint for visual presentation of how the Onbotech PD system could look like. 
This is meant to be a framework that must be customized to a particular school that wishes to deploy it.

Framework that can be tailored to meet the needs of schools 
when providing technology training & PD during the onboarding 
and re-onboarding of faculty and staff.

How to use it:
-- Decide on a course sequence for your school. The course map is a suggested progression for faculty and staff.  
-- Begin creating courses in your school’s LMS.  Start out with 100 and 200 level courses.  Use the details on each course page as a template and customize to your campus community needs.
-- Enroll newly hired employees in Tech 101 and begin existing faculty and staff at the Tech 200 level.

Why LMS Examples?
-- Professional development is teaching and learning for an adult audience.
-- Your school already utilizes and pays for an LMS.
-- Having teachers enrolled in a course as students provides valuable first-hand experience.
-- Modern LMS’s provide a platform for self-paced, asynchronous learning and allow users to revisit topics as needed.
-- You can showcase the features of your LMS to help improve teacher usage.

Course Map

Tech 101 - Introduction to School Technology Systems
All users. No prerequisites.

Tech 201 - Making the Most of Your LMS
For faculty.  Prerequisite Tech 101.

Tech 202 - Making the Most of Classroom Technology
For faculty.  Prerequisite Tech 101. Pre- or corequisite Tech 201.

Tech 203 - Technology Best Practices for Staff and Administrators
For all non-faculty who work with student data. Prerequisite Tech 101.

Tech 301 - New and Emerging Trends In Educational Technology
For faculty.  Prerequisite Tech 101. Pre- or corequisite Tech 201 & Tech 202.

Tech 302 - Using Technology to Differentiate Learning
For faculty.  Prerequisite Tech 101. Pre- or corequisite Tech 201 & Tech 202.

Tech 303 - New and Emerging Trends In Business Technology
For all non-faculty who work with student data.  Pre- or corequisite Tech 203.

Tech 401 - Independent Study for Advanced Tech Users
For all faculty and staff.  Prerequisite 300 level Tech course.



